if you just joined us my name is Joe and
when is true mr. keep on who is a very
avid barbuda and he will be taking us
some secrets on how to actually build up
your body so I hope you got to some
comfortable clothes like me and Keith I
mean I can you can should pick up
everything like you want but I advise
some loose fitting clothes so you don't
get any obstructive what was that hahaha
normally though okay so I show us we're
gonna do siddiqui first we're gonna work
our chess chess every guy was a bigger
cool interesting okay like money this
walkie this ok ok so just picked up a
pail dumbbells like sooo and then just
sit comfortably on a bench and then I
back down why not yeah and then just
press the week let's put a week here ok
and press it all the way up smoking
about ya boys my in jail ok then bring
it down again stretch your chest well
you're really okay i give it up again
happy that i feel the blood rushing to
yours all right I'd achieved it up the
way up in the way down okay and then
just after what ten reserves get back up
uh-huh please don't belong ok so that's
that will work out your chest right lost
area check this dude again this is it
really over there almost there okay so
good on what I don't see my end down
here yeah lift up miss uh no no I think
for you a good especially for you hey no
I know I can't people suck video no okay
for me you are you beginning on TV for
you beginners at home you should start
now with actually a simple ways like
this 2.5 5 kg per arm right and what I
do I'm just lie back down on my bed on
it well let me go and let us bring the
weight up my face huh I'm abuse you and
lift it up and just brush it off it's
alright then bring them down at La
origin and locking my elbows right down
oh you're a bit of me you can joke and
do it ha here I'll get you later ok so
this about ten outs of this writer just
tender to this world were all shipping
I can actually do find you a tie but you
don't the family show o Keeffe what's
next on the agenda Nick's on the agenda
will be the train your shoulders there
you go out of all your white shoulders
all the way white sure there's no best
thing oh this is that you make your
waist look smaller so you get it deeper
like yes we taper like we like one back
so beginners if you wanna be ruled by us
we kinda just take a look at what he's
going to do next let's pick up a pair of
dumbbells like so and then just sit down
a binge and keep your back straight edge
tight and then just hoist the way up
here let's do that like this and then
just press them up all the way come back
down below 90 degrees and press them up
again okay down up down up down for
about ten reps are you gonna rest as
usual so basically every exercise about
ten real heavy exercise you just do it
about ten reps and you should be wearing
way too something like yeah yes yes you
heard that one before something like
that haha so sit down no you knew it I
mean beginner weeks beginning mixer ah
and then just bring him up to you like
this sighs yeah just like that and what
my time right yeah up and down you know
now if you feel your shoes are we for
the blood rushing key free seriously
it's like it's like a real workout for
my um today I think in no time as you
like this you might look as good as me i
will have real CST so this is what how
many reps can also write ten reps as
real so i get i love every exercise we
see today and after that what we have up
today we're going to train our triceps
ensure the muscles of the back foot on
here muscles re give you on this the
thickness and the size that every guy
wants see actually a quite comparable
thank you yeah okay haha ok so moving on
pick up a dumbbell like so let's sit
down on the bench and then bring go
beyond your knee right over your head
like over here okay guys over hit like
this and just look down dip it all the
way down and supervise your triceps
okay like that it's few the triceps
contract is it do that okay bring it
down down and up so just depending
dipping it to train your muscles as a
trainer triceps biceps Allah let's try
it you know key you know what I think I
can do it with these skreets right here
and what are you driving I try out cuz i
usually I use the machine machine I do
it explained EKGs normal time so I think
numbers like this should be no problem
let me help you can even I think I think
don't feel a cell phone you won't show
today let me get lunch obviously oh yeah
maybe like this for you so in the Sun
for beginners are for Venus at home we
want you to actually you use this simple
website instead of the big one song that
because I think for beginners what
you're going to do is uh just start slow
and I don't exert yourself okay so what
do I do I just behind my back right now
this just start from feeling in a bit
low yeah push it all the way up oh and
then you people opean all the way up
yeah oh yeah oh I can really feel the
blood rushing man Oh soon you isn't
gonna bring up bigger is good feeling so
it's addictive let it drop so after this
keep what you suggest we do after this
is nice of this exercise of course you